Elements api (#143)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/api/api-elements.md

         "literal": false, \
         "contains": true, \
         "item": "west" \
       } \
     ] \
   } \
 }' 'https://app.metricly.com/elements/elasticsearch/elementAgg/elementType'
```

### Response Body

The following response body found 6 total elements with names that contain `west` in their **elementName**: 5 S3 buckets and 1 RDS element.
```
{
  "aggregations": [
    {
      "fieldValue": "S3 Bucket",
      "count": 5
    },
    {
      "fieldValue": "RDS",
      "count": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /expand %}}

---

## POST to /elements/elasticsearch/elementQuery

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/elements/elasticsearchElementQueryUsingPOST" theme="warning" >}} POST {{< /button >}}  Use this endpoint to query elements by datasource, type, and more. Supports filtering.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}  

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|
| term | path | string | The the element field you want to aggregate. |

### Request URL

```
https://app.metricly.com/elements/elasticsearch/elementQuery
```

### CURL

> The following CURL example submits a query for **elementTypes** matching EC2. This example filters **metrics** and **attributes** from the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CURL example submits a query to find elements of the EC2 type. This example filters **metrics** and **attributes** out from the response body.
```

          "n.analysis.status": null,
          "n.backfill.status": "false",
          "n.state.maintenance": "false",
          "n.state.maintenance_end": "-1"
        },
        "sourceTags": {
          "Name": "Netuitive-colo: Domain Controller",
          "app": "hq",
          "n.collectors": "EC2"
        },
        "state": {
          "netuitive.metrics.collected.percent": 100
        },
        "eventCount": {
          "total": 0,
          "topCategory": null
        },
        "relations": [
          {
            "id": "c6ccd4ac-ea3f-11be-ac98-11112aecf04c",
            "dataSourceId": 31845,
            "fqn": "502111101106:EBS:us-east-1:vol-9eba111e"
          }
        ],
        "fqn": "112111101106:EC2:us-east-1:i-b4e87f28",
        "lastProcessed": "2020-01-26T16:50:00Z",
        "name": "Domain Controller (10.14.11.30)",
        "location": "us-east-1a",
        "id": "c48df6c2-111c-3542-11be-17b0472a7d12",
        "type": "EC2"
      },     
    ],
    "last": true,
    "totalElements": 2,
    "totalPages": 1,
    "sort": null,
    "first": true,
    "numberOfElements": 2,
    "size": 35,
    "number": 0
  }
}
```

{{% /expand %}}

---

> ## POST to /elements/name/preview

Reviewer: Could we add a small note somewhere indicating where a user can find the element ID?

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/elements/namePreviewUsingPOST" theme="warning" >}} POST {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to customize the display names of elements within the CloudWisdom UI.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------|-------------|
| elementTemplate | Body | JSON | ?? |

### Request URL

```
https://app.metricly.com/elements/name/preview
```

### CURL

> The following CURL example displays the element's name, location, and type. Supports `if` and `elseif` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CURL example displays the element's name, location, and type. See [Element Display Name page] (https://docs.metricly.com/capacity-monitoring/inventory/inventory-element-display-name/) for more  display options.
```

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|-----------|----------------|-----------|--------------------------|
| elementId | Path | String | Element Ids can be found in by selecting an element in  CloudWisdom and viewing the URL (/#/inventory/6bdf4fd1-1111-1111-1c11-17eb5f628e46) |
| metricId | Path | String | Metric Ids can be found by viewing metrics in CloudWisdom. |

### Request URL

```
https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/elements/getMetricTagsUsingGET
```

### CURL

The following CURL example includes the required **elementId** and **metricId**.

- You can find an elementId while viewing a metric in CloudWisdom by selecting the _Card Title_ > Element Detail.
- You can find metricIds for an element in your inventory by selecting the _Card Title_ > View all Metrics for this Element.

```
curl -X GET --header 'Accept: application/json' 'https://app.metricly.com/elements/6bdf4fd1-7134-3959-9c36-17eb5f628e46/metrics/3a1a2fb7-b274-3120-84bd-d7781401894f/tags'
```

### Response Body

> The following response body returns a list of tags for the specified **metricId**. Notice how the response lists tags added from CloudWisdom (`netuitiveTags`) and from the metric (`sourceTags`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following response body returns a list of tags for the specified **metricId**. Notice how the response lists tags added from CloudWisdom (`netuitiveTags`) and from AWS (`sourceTags`).
```

      "timestamp": "2019-12-20T16:45:00Z",
      "rollup": "PT5M",
      "data": {
        "actual": 10.4,
        "avg": 10.4,
        "min": 9,
        "max": 12,
        "baselineMean": 53.57279368703339,
        "cnt": 5,
        "sum": 52,
        "baselineStddev": 146.9486822676629,
        "baselineUpper": 641.3675227576849,
        "baselineLower": 0
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /expand %}}

---

## GET from /elements/{elementId}/metrics/{metricId}/tags

{{< button theme="info" href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/elements/getMetricTagsUsingGET" >}} GET {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to get a list of tags associated to a specified metric for a given element.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|-----------|----------------|-----------|--------------------------|
| elementId | Path | String | Element Ids can be found in by selecting an element in  CloudWisdom and viewing the URL (/#/inventory/6bdf4fd1-1111-1111-1c11-17eb5f628e46) |
| metricId | Path | String | Metric Ids can be found by viewing metrics in CloudWisdom. |

### Request URL

```

> https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/elements/getMetricTagsUsingGET

Reviewer: Should this be a swagger URL? The other request URLs look to now have swagger in the path, but were created within it.
